Zero expansion boards
Zero expansion board
Introduction
The Konsool has al lot of capabilities already in a pretty handy form factor.
To take advantage of the keyboard, powerful CPU to for example play with technologies
like NFC, RFID and sub GHz radio extra circuitry is required.
Even though this idea is not my own (thanks Renze) I do feel motivated to make this
board given my interest in lock picking sports.
Disclaimer
It is important that this device is used for educational purposes only, the only
locks that should be opened are either your own or with express permission of the owner of said lock.
The goal of this device is to improve security and educate, not do enable illegal activities.
I the designer do not take any responsibility for the how this device is used, if you
manage to get into trouble using this device the responsibility is your own.
Planned Features
100 - 150 kHz RFID tag reading and writing
Sub GHz radio capabilities using CC1101
RFID receiver (The Konsool board has the transmitter LED on the PCB)
IButton
Project
Main project
PCB project: konsool-zero
Software is not yet started
Intermediate
RFID test board project: 125kHz-zero-proto
Most circuitry on the expansion is based on the Flipper zero schematics, as they are published on their website.
For the RFID circuitry this was not enough for me to understand the OpAMP circuits, here the creating RFID reader from scratch helped understanding the design.
Maturity
As for 2025-03-22:
This project in it’s early stages of development where major milestones still need to be reached.
Milestones:
Create RFID prototype boardTroubleshoot RFID analog circuit make stable
Create proof of concept to read RFID tag
Create proof of concept to write RFID tag
Choose type of microcontroller (STM32 / CH32)
Choose antenna type PCB coil vs wire coil
Integrate RFID prototype into expansion
Create sub 1GHz radio module prototype boardTroubleshoot design to get a stable circuit
Create a proof of concept sending data
Create a proof of concept receiving data
Create Konsool prototype board for development (Some work done)
Create firmware for the MCU on the extension board
Create software on the Konsool
At the moment of writing work needs to be done stabilizing the RFID analog circuitry.
The RC circuit introduces DC offset, that prevents the carrier circuit from working correctly
The Oscillator circuit is unstable an has a low frequency wobble
The output does show a consistent bit stream when a RFID card is presented to the coil.
Findings:
The schematic circuitry uses envelope detector circuits to decode the RFID signal.
The idea of prototyping on a breadboard is not going to work as the cross talk of signals on a breadboard is too big which drowns out the RFID signals.
Contributors
Nick | Name | Role |
Ranzbak | Paul Honig | PCB design / test software |
Work in progress pictures
Last modified August 21, 2026: Merge pull request #257 from badgeteam/fix-hatchery-swagger-url (14c0a0c)
